So addons exist in the Addons folder

Each Addon should have a info file with it, with stuff like addon name and the like.
Each Addon has the typical file structure, XML, textures, LUA etc.
Have an addons.txt file in the addons folder, which dictates load order.
Engine checks each addon folder exists, checks for the info.txt and creates
an addon object which holds addon info and load order
In order, load all the file/folder contents. Any new content will overwrite old content, hence
the load order.
On game start, get a list of Addon objects for each folder in the Addons folder.
Addon object should have addon name, date, author, etc and also contain the folder path.
For each addon, load in the textures and scripts into the texture and script cache.
(consider entity cache also, for now load when called).
Name for texture/script is sanitised as folder/folder/file starting from textures/scripts folder.
No reference to what addon loaded it in.

OR make it so the path has to include the addon also. So referencing a texture in the base addon would be
Base/Textures/Turrets/Turret01
as opposed to Turrets/Turret01 and replacing old one.
Would be hard to change base content this way. So I am going with replacement.
Oooo, but then loading/unloading addons during runtime would be annoying.
Just dont let that happen? Addons are useful because you can easily disable changes, as opposed to changing
the game files manually. This way they can just copy files and change to their hearts content.
Right, right. Addons can only be loaded/unloaded outside runtime.


So both Textures and Scripts need to be loaded in at runtime.
They should be stored in seperate caches.


So how to handle scripts/textures? I could ignore the whole new thing and just have it replace stuff.
Soooo lets say some entity definition in BASE references scripts/soldierScript and so does an entity
reference in ADDON1 references scripts/soldierScript and both have that definition. Or make them more self contained?
Noo, thats stupid, later addons might want to reuse base textures and perhaps simple scripts.
So I would say new references replace old references

---------------
So logically I should not have it overwrite and load the addons in reverse order.
That way wont load in assets that are just going to be overwritten later.
